**Brief Description:**
	The purpose of the region analysis component is to be able to visualize the simulation of the simcity and gather the data for each zone to output. To output the correct visualization for the simcity, information is gathered from the mainList and then transferred to create a proper graph for the entire city. Population data from each zone: residential, commercial, and industrial, are also obtained from the mainList and are individually added to output the proper regional populations for the user. The final purpose of the region analysis is to allow the user to pick a desired area of the city to be outputted along with its regional population data.

**Data Storage/ Maintenance:**
For the regional analysis, the mainList created from the Zone class is used to input data. The Zone class contains x and y coordinates, population number, and zone type. Using the class zone within the lists allowed a lot of data to be stored and easily accessed. The data obtained from the mainList are then used to create the data structure graph. The x and y coordinate from the mainList to create the layout for the graph, while the zone types and populations are placed inside the graph to output the correct format.

**Component Functionality:**
	The major functions used for the region analysis are printOutput, printAre, and printPop. Having the functions separated into this format allows for easy use and access within the main function. Each of these functions is used either inside the simulation to see how SimCity is changing or after the simulation to show the final results.
	The printOutput function gets the max col and rows from the mainList and is used to create the size for the graph. The graph is then created by iterating through the mainList and then using the x and y coordinates and setting them equal to either the population if it is a residential, commercial, or industrial zone with a population above zero, or they are set equal to the zone type. The graph is then printed using a double loop with int i and int j. If the graph is empty in a stop then it will just print “  “, if there is a zone type in the graph cell then it will print the zone type or population based on the previous loop. 
	The printArea function also gets the max col and rows from the mainList and is used to create the size for the graph. Then the user is asked to input coordinates for the area they would like to see a closer look at. This is done in a loop to ensure that the coordinates are inside the row and col for the graph. The graph is then created by iterating through the mainList and then using the x and y coordinates and setting them equal to either the population if it is a residential, commercial, or industrial zone with a population above zero, or they are set equal to the zone type. The graph is then printed in a double loop using the x and y coordinates given by the user for their specific area. Then, the population is received through a main list iteration with an if statement to ensure that the populations are only coming from the specific area specified by the user. These populations are then output for the user to see. 
	The printPop function is used to get the population for each zone and then printed to the user. This is done by initializing each zones total population to zero and then creating a loop with a mainList iterator. Inside this loop, there are multiple if or else if statements to ensure the zone type is either residential, commercial, or industrial, and if it is then the population of that zone is added to its specific total population. These populations are then output to show the user.

[High Level Description](High Level Description)